# ProjectTemplate
Custom setup for current and future projects.

Utilizing my own `default.project.json`, this template makes it easier to organize and manage files.

## Main
This is the central hub for setting up the game.

We use this script to check `GLOBALS` and set up `modules` that need to be loaded before everything else.
It then loads `CoreLogic` which runs/sets up the core loop of the game.

### CoreLogic
Used to run/set up the core loop of the game.

We also set up the logic to handle when a player joins with `OnPlayerAdded` and when they are removing with `OnPlayerRemoving`.

#### OnPlayerAdded
Handles `game.Players.PlayerAdded` funcitonality, and sets up the logic to handle when the player's character is added with `OnCharacterAdded`.

#### OnPlayerRemoving
Handles `game.Players.PlayerRemoving` funcitonality.

#### OnCharacterAdded
Handles `Player.CharacterAdded` functionality, and sets up the logic to handle when the player dies.

#### OnPlayerDied
Handles `Humanoid.Died` functionality for custom death logic.

## GLOBALS
We typically use these to keeps track of debug state, game title, and game version.

But there are many uses for this, for example: checking what place in the game we are in, or adding in custom difficulty tiers to the place.

## HelperFns and Remotes
### HelperFns
These are typically set up in sub module scripts are comprise of functions that can be used throughout your entire game.

We like setting up custom timers, device type checkers, and some math formulas.

### Remotes
This is a module script that stores every RemoteEvent and RemoteFunction you will use to communicate between client and server, and allows for easier access to said Objects.

It's super helpful so you don't have to constantly WaitForChild()

```lua
local Remotes = require(game.ReplicatedStorage:WaitForChild("Remotes"))
local remote1 = Remotes.Remote1 or Remotes["Remote1"] --instead of Remotes:WaitForChild("Remote1")
```



## Getting Started
Generated by [Rojo](https://github.com/rojo-rbx/rojo) 6.0.0-rc.1.
To build the place from scratch, use:

```bash
rojo build -o "ProjectTemplate.rbxlx"
```

Next, open `ProjectTemplate.rbxlx` in Roblox Studio and start the Rojo server:

```bash
rojo serve
```

For more help, check out [the Rojo documentation](https://rojo.space/docs).